Not eating enough fruits, vegetables, beans, lentils, whole grains and fortified dairy foods may increase your risk for health problems, including heart disease, cancer, and poor bone health (osteoporosis).
A child over 3 months old has been vomiting for more than 12 hours; in younger babies, call as soon as vomiting or diarrhea begins
Either a lactation consultant or the nurses at the hospital or your doctor's office can help you purchase a pump, as well as teach you how to use it.
Unlike other forms of periodic paralysis, persons with congenital hypokalemic periodic paralysis have normal thyroid function and very low blood levels of potassium during episodes of weakness.
You can also get a referral from your health care provider to a dietitian, who can help you plan a diet that is healthy for you.
Some patients may need more surgeries in their 20s or 30s if they develop hard to control arrhythmias or other complications of the Fontan procedure.
Secondary peritonitis is an inflammation of the peritoneum, the thin tissue that lines the inner wall of the abdomen and covers most of the abdominal organs.
Do NOT place the person in this position if a head, neck, back, or leg injury is suspected or if it makes the victim uncomfortable.
If you have shoulder pain and stiffness and suspect you may have a frozen shoulder, contact your health care provider for proper referral and treatment.
The LCL is usually injured by pressure or an injury that pushes the knee joint from the inside, which results in stress on the outside part of the joint.
Formation of normal male external genitals depends on the appropriate balance between male and female hormones; therefore, it requires the adequate production and function of male hormones.
While lead serves no function in our bodies, it is usually found in the body in some amount since it is so common in the environment.
Forcing, coercing, or rewarding your child with food does not usually make your child eat better, and can cause behavioral problems related to food later on.
Information specific to individual states usually may be obtained from the state bar association, state medical association, state nursing association, and most hospitals or medical centers.
A duodenal tissue culture is a laboratory exam to check a piece of tissue from the first part of the small intestine (duodenum) for infection-causing organisms.
People who take blood-thinning medication or who have a bleeding disorder such as hemophilia may bleed excessively and quickly because their blood does not clot properly.
A biliary tract biopsy is the removal of tissue or substances from the duodenum, bile ducts, pancreas, or pancreatic duct for examination under a microscope.
Your doctor may recommend a laparatomy if imaging tests of the abdomen, such as x-rays and CT scans , have not provided an accurate diagnosis.
Women should NOT receive this vaccine if they are pregnant or planning to become pregnant within the next 1 to 3 months.This may harm the baby.
This is particularly true if the fever is followed by a "crisis" stage, and if the person may have been exposed to lice or soft-bodied ticks.
As with other illnesses, you can ease the stress of living with cyclothymia by joining a support group whose members share common experiences and problems.
You should find the type that is comfortable for you to use and allows you to collect your breast milk in a reasonable period of time.
The causes of this cancer are not completely known.Long-term (chronic) irritation of the kidney from harmful substances removed in the urine may be a factor.
The amount of radiation is small (less than that of a conventional x-ray) and is virtually gone from the body within 1 or 2 days.
There are several theories about the cause.The most likely cause is that normal spasms of the colon lead to enlargement of blood vessels in the area.
Parents of infants with trisomy 13 that is caused by a translocation should have genetic testing and counseling, which may help them avoid having another child with the condition.
Stridor is an abnormal, high-pitched, musical breathing sound caused by a blockage in the throat or voice box (larynx).It is usually heard when taking in a breath.
More severe contractions, where the eyelid completely closes, are possible.These can be caused by irritation of the surface of the eye (cornea) or the membranes lining the eyelids (conjunctiva).
CT scan or MRI to confirm that there is a growth, and to see if the cancer has spread to lymph nodes in the neck
However, many adults with Asperger syndrome work successfully in mainstream jobs and are able to have an independent life, if they have the right kind of support available.
If there is no problem with your kidneys, urinary tract, prostate, or genitals, your doctor may check to see if you have a bleeding disorder.
This may cause a severe headache that a patient may describe as "the worst headache of my life." Another phrase used to describe this is a sentinel headache.
This is particularly important, because research shows that the more people feel they have control over a situation, the better their response to stress will be.
To prevent infection and damage to the tissue, opening the sac should NOT be performed at home by the parents.This should be performed by your health care provider.
Increased vision allows the infant to tell objects apart from backgrounds with very little contrast (such as a button on a blouse of the same color)
If medicine and lithotripsy do not help, and you are unable to have intercourse because of the curve of the penis, surgery may be done to correct the problem.
If obesity prevents you from being physically able to inspect your feet, ask a family member, neighbor, or visiting nurse to perform this important check.
Go to the emergency room or call the local emergency number (such as 911) if you faint or have difficulty breathing, speaking, or swallowing.These are emergency symptoms.
A final growth spurt begins at the start of puberty, sometime between ages 9 and 15.The child's nutrient needs correspond with these changes in growth rates.
Overall lack of sweating can be life threatening because the body will overheat.If the lack of sweating happens in a small area only, it is usually not as dangerous.
Go to the emergency room or call 911 if emergency symptoms develop after treatment, including breathing difficulties, convulsions/seizures, decreased responsiveness, loss of consciousness, enlarged pupils, and uneven pupil size.
A uniform brown color is usually seen over the cheeks, forehead, nose, or upper lip.It is most often symmetrical (matching on both sides of the face).
Keep a daily diary or log for at least 3 months. Record the type of symptoms you have, how severe they are, and how long they last.
Because the radiation from this radioisotope is fairly high compared to most other radioisotopes, some precautions may be necessary for a few days after the test.
In the past, most patients with heart valve problems such as mitral stenosis were given antibiotics before dental work or invasive procedures, such as colonoscopy.
The following tests may be done to help rule out problems in your urinary system that might lead to infection or make a UTI harder to treat:
There may be slight discomfort as the cystoscope (a lighted instrument used to look at the bladder) is passed through your urethra into your bladder.
On the other hand, if you wake up with a low level of energy and have fatigue that lasts throughout the day, you may be depressed.
Spinal injuries often occur with head injuries, so try to keep the person's neck still if you must move him or her before help arrives.
Your doctor may do other tests to check high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes, high cholesterol, and other causes of, and risk factors for TIAs or stroke.
It is often seen after someone lifts a child up by one arm.(For example, when trying to lift the child over a curb or high step.)
However, there is a small but significant increase in risk for breast cancer and possibly heart disease when hormone therapy is used to treat menopause symptoms.
You'll be told to use a "log-rolling" technique when getting out of bed.This means that you move your entire body at once, without twisting your spine.
It might relax smooth muscles, including the muscles of the uterus.However, it also might increase the risk of an incomplete abortion or an abnormal pregnancy.
Is there a pattern to your belching? For example, does it happen when you are nervous or after you have been consuming certain foods or drinks?
Normal blood pressure is defined as a systolic (top) pressure of less than 120 mmHg, and a diastolic (bottom) pressure of less than 80 mmHg.
In the first part of the test, a colorless, odorless chemical that causes sweating is applied to a small area on an arm or leg.
If you have a weakened immune system due to AIDS, cancer, transplantation, or corticosteroid use, call your doctor if you develop a cough, fever, or shortness of breath.
Most American high school seniors have had an alcoholic drink within the past month, despite the fact that the legal drinking age is 21 years old in the U.S.
The drug Synagis (palivizumab) is approved for the prevention of RSV disease in children younger than 24 months who are at high risk for serious RSV disease.
Hookworm larvae often enter the body through bare feet, so wearing shoes in areas where hookworm infestations are known to occur will help prevent infection.
Malignant teratoma is a type of cancer made of cysts that contain one or more of the three layers of cells found in a developing baby (embryo).
Even if you miss one or two letters on the smallest line you can read, you are still considered to have vision equal to that line.
For example, you can develop this syndrome if you take migraine medicines called triptans together with antidepressants called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and selective serotonin/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SSNRIs).
Soak the affected areas in warm (never hot) water -- or repeatedly apply warm cloths to affected ears, nose, or cheeks -- for 20 to 30 minutes.
You may be asked to stop taking aspirin, ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin), naproxen (Aleve, Naprosyn), vitamin E, clopidogrel (Plavix), warfarin (Coumadin), and any other drugs like these.
Soaking in warm water four times a day for several days usually provides some relief and causes the abscess to open and drain on its own.
If the father of the infant is Rh-positive or if his blood type cannot be confirmed, the mother is given an injection of RhoGAM during the second trimester.
The eye drops may make it hard for you to focus your eyes for several hours.You should arrange to have someone else drive you after the examination.
AIDS may also be diagnosed if a person develops one of the opportunistic infections and cancers that occur more commonly in people with HIV infection.
Starting ECMO requires a large team of caregivers to stabilize the baby, as well as the careful set-up and priming of the ECMO pump with fluid and blood.
If you are already pregnant, talk to your health care provider about the best way to stop using and keep yourself and the baby safe.
Not all strokes need to be "silent." Larger strokes that have clear affects on strength, sensation, or other brain and nervous system (neurologic) function also can lead to MID.
Fruits and vegetables are not good sources, because the zinc in plant proteins is not as available for use by the body as the zinc from animal proteins.
Place ice (wrapped in a washcloth or other covering) on the site of the sting for 10 minutes and then off for 10 minutes.Repeat this process.
A physical exam of the baby may show a heart murmur or other heart problems.As the baby grows, there may be signs of delayed mental development.
If you are diagnosed with hemochromatosis, you should follow a special diet to reduce how much iron is absorbed from your digestive tract. Your doctor or nurse will recommend:
These valves last the longest, but you will need to take blood-thinning medicine, such as warfarin (Coumadin) or aspirin, for the rest of your life.
A computed tomography (CT) scan of the thoracis spine is an imaging method that uses x-rays to rapidly create detailed pictures of the middle back (thoracic spine).
Limiting protein in the diet can help control the buildup of waste products in the blood (azotemia) that can lead to symptoms of acute kidney failure.
It can also be helpful to know how many surgeries like yours have been done at the hospital you have chosen or are considering for your surgery.
If adolescents appear to be isolated from their peers, uninterested in school or social activities, or doing poorly at school, work, or sports -- they need to be evaluated.
Your doctor or nurse may ask you about depression, diet and exercise, alcohol and tobacco use, and safety such as seat belts and smoke detectors. 
Malabsorption means your body is not properly absorbing nutrients. 
Complete bed rest for several days is usually recommended.
A consent form must be signed.
Glaucoma may be one sign of the condition.
With prompt treatment, the child should recover.
There is some risk of infection from the catheter.
Lymph nodes in the neck may be swollen.
Liver disease (such as cirrhosis)
Symptoms vary and depend on the organs involved.
Hemoglobin blood test to check for anemia
What type of surgery you may want
For information on how this is done, see:  Venipuncture
Damage to the urethra, bladder, or vagina
Liver gallium scan; Bony gallium scan
Men may have problems with erections.
Preventive measures vary depending on the specific disorder.
Greater than 250 mg/dL in children
Head swelling due to fluid on the brain (hydrocephalus)
Ultrasound - thyroid; Thyroid sonogram; Thyroid echogram
Be careful not to use too much.
New skin markings (moles, blemishes, changes in color, bumps)
Urinary 24 hours sodium; Urine Na+
Other signs or symptoms of cancer
Anaphylactic shock (caused by allergic reaction)
Difficulty with balance or walking
Normal values vary depending on age and sex.
Inherited (congenital) deficiency of factor XII
Note: mg/dL = milligrams per deciliter.
Trouble seeing in the dark
These drugs may be given through a vein (intravenously).
Rare medical conditions associated with hypermobile joints include:
The symptoms of Baker's cysts usually come and go.
This test may also show:
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS - Lou Gehrig's disease)
Call your health care provider if:
Diagnostic tests that may be performed include the following:
Disorders of the endocrine system
It is caused by abnormal eye development.
A known or suspected dislocation or broken bone
Tissue damage from loss of blood flow (infarction)
This appearance usually develops as the disease gets worse.
Your body makes too much uric acid
Phenytoin: greater than 30 mcg/mL
Not enough calcium in the diet
Measurements of blood oxygen level
Breaking big tasks into smaller, more manageable ones
Certain medications such as steroids
Refusing to eat around other people
The lungs are located in the chest.
All sodas, even ones that are labeled caffeine-free
The scan should take only 10-15 minutes.
If cancer is suspected, a biopsy may be done.
What other symptoms do you have?
Kidney impairment (from drugs used to treat the condition)
Prepare your home for when you leave the hospital.
Drawing a person with three parts
They still have foot problems after treatment
The tests have no risks.
Decreased ability to hold urine
The doctor will close the cuts with stitches (sutures).
The illness was milder in younger patients.
People with sickle cell disease
Believed to be making too much thyroid hormone
For more information, see the specific article:
Abnormal breath sounds (such as rales)
Eat hot, well-cooked foods.Heat kills the bacteria.
Hematoma (blood accumulating under the skin)
The procedure takes place in the hospital.
Risks from any surgery are: 
Your knees will be up toward your chest.
Many causes of optic nerve atrophy cannot be prevented.
If you are or could be pregnant
Ask your health care provider.
Bacterial infections are one cause of pericarditis.
Are illegal drugs being used?
Treatment may involve lifestyle changes and medications such as:
Electrical defibrillation or cardioversion (electric shock)
It can occur in many places in the body.
Had a head injury within the past 3 months
You will have a small scar.
Preventive nasal spray: cromolyn sodium (Nasalcrom)
Images will be taken every 5 - 15 minutes.
Vomiting more than three times
Treating primary syphilis and secondary syphilis infections will prevent general paresis.
A canker sore is not the same as a fever blister (cold sore).
The person's skin and eye colors are usually in the normal range.
Symptoms vary depending on the type of thyroid cancer, but may include:
Other risks associated with having blood drawn are slight but may include:
Scar and narrow the opening of the penis (meatal stricture)
Call for an appointment with your health care provider if:
Some types of MSUD are mild or come and go.
It appears an even gray color on the computer image.
Stay away from fast food restaurants, where healthy choices can be hard to find.
Call your healthcare provider if you have unexplained bleeding or bruising.
A condition called Cheyne-Stokes respiration can mimic central sleep apnea.
This causes swelling, bleeding (hemorrhage), and damage to the pancreas and its blood vessels.
Your doctor will help you set your blood sugar goals.
Before 1950, about half of people diagnosed with hyperparathyroidism had osteitis fibrosa.
The defect may include the retina, choroid, or optic nerve.
Other tests to rule out suspected disorders causing the condition
Acute cystitis is a bacterial infection of the bladder or lower urinary tract.
Fever that lasts for weeks; may come and go in cycles
Depression and older age are both risk factors for suicide.
Tractional retinal detachments may be watched for a while before surgery.
Some laser surgery is done when you are under general anesthesia.
The blood sample is sent to a laboratory for testing.
Some repairs may require a short hospital stay if the hernia is very large.
Your doctor or nurse will tell you when to arrive at the hospital.
The infection is spread by saliva, urine, respiratory droplets, sexual contact, and blood transfusions.
Rarely, children will have problems falling asleep or staying asleep.
Low thyroid function -- see your health care provider about thyroid hormone replacement treatment
Is this the first time you have had such spots?
Treatment with antibiotics should be started as soon as possible.
An inherited condition that affects the body's ability to regulate calcium (familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia)
Lying about the amount of time or money spent gambling
PVL is much more common in premature infants than in full-term infants.
Hip pain involves any pain in or around the hip joint.
Are you coughing up large amounts of blood (massive hemoptysis)?
This is an inherited disorder and may not be preventable.
Nonreactive pupils (pupils that do not change size when exposed to light)
Many people get back to their everyday activities in 7 to 10 days.
Menopause. A drop in the hormone estrogen causes vaginal dryness.
Metatarsus adductus is thought to be caused by the infant's position inside the womb.
Results are considered normal if the arm being examined is normal in appearance.
A murmur is usually heard when listening to the heart with a stethoscope.
Severe heart disease, such as unstable angina or irregular heartbeat (arrhythmia)
High-dose corticosteroids or medications to decrease the immune system response
Visual symptoms (such as flashing bright lights, spots, or wavy lines before the eyes)
Some laboratories use different measurements or may test different specimens.
Wash your hands before and after handling the drainage device.
People with excessive daytime sleepiness feel tired during the day.
Parents who have lost a child to SIDS need emotional support.
Call your local emergency number (such as 911) or local hospital for further advice.
Long-term (chronic) pelvic pain that interferes with social and work activities
About 2 people per million develop this type of tumor.
Ticks can cause a variety of health conditions ranging from harmless to serious.
Increased sleep (too little sleep is more common with other forms of depression)
0 - 6 months: 400 IU (10 micrograms (mcg) per day)
If retrograde ejaculation is caused by surgery or diabetes, it is often not correctable.
Never change or stop any medications without first talking to your health care provider.
The air may cause the urge to have a bowel movement or pass gas.
The rate of primary brain lymphoma is rising.However, this cancer is still rare.
Pregnant women and children are more sensitive to the risks of the x-ray.
If it happens, you would need emergency surgery right away.
Do not eat or drink anything after midnight the night before your surgery.
All local poison control centers in the United States use this national number.
To develop language, a child must be able to hear, see, understand, and remember.
Not enough exposure to sunlight, which produces vitamin D in the body
Rough surfaces of teeth or dental appliances should be repaired. 
The electrical stimulation therapy may be performed in the clinic or at home.
Many people do well after this surgery, but recovery is slow.
Joint pain and tenderness when you press around the joint
Loss of movement in one or more parts of the body
It is important that the person with schizophrenia learns how to:
Fiery red, if caused by a lack of other B vitamins
After that, measures are taken to prevent future fecal impactions.
The following lists cover the most common congenital heart diseases:
Have you ever had this kind of itch before? What caused it then?
Children are more likely to have a complete recovery than adults.
Spinal stenosis symptoms often become worse over time, but this may happen very slowly.
Laboratory tests may be done to rule out infection or an autoimmune disorder.
The test may also be performed to detect CMV infection in newborns.
You and your doctor should decide whether hormone therapy is right for you.
You have sudden bleeding into the skin for no apparent reason
Inner ear (vestibular) senses -- the infant responds to rocking and changes of position
Rest and immobilization are the best cure for a rib cage fracture.
Anal infections
Bone problems
Drug-induced cholestasis
Fever
Other vulvar cancers are:
Urine creatinine test
Abdominal x-ray
Heart procedures
Interstitial nephritis
How to breastfeed
Testicular torsion
Malaise (feeling ill)
Williams syndrome
Nausea
Uncontrolled urination
Pubic lice
Oysters
Muscle disease or trauma
Skin tissue death
Further testing is needed.
Dilated eye exam
Social interactions
Urinalysis
Detergent manufacturers
Behavior changes
Goodpasture syndrome
Family history of hypercalcemia
Other treatments may include:
Malabsorption
Blind loop syndrome
Personality disorder - avoidant
Brussels sproutsCabbage
Fatigue
Neck stiffness
Hemolytic anemia
See: Heart attack
Before the exam:
Infertility
Thinning of eyebrows
Liver disease
What is your name? 
Antibiotics
Dry mouth
Body temperature problems
Genetic disorders
Hemorrhage
Rest your eyes.
Liver biopsy
Coordination problems
Glasses
POTASSIUM
DO NOT WAIT.
Frequent falls
ROTATOR CUFF TEARS
Recent open heart surgery
Disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC)
Rapid heart rate
Albumin
Vision changes
Blood calcium level
Other causes include:
Smoke
Delirium
Testosterone
Hives
IMPORTANT TIPS
Headache
Avocado
Disopyramide (Norpace)
MMR immunization (vaccine)
Liver spleen scan
Urinary tract problems
Delirium
Hairy cell leukemia
Bladder stones
Z-E syndrome; Gastrinoma
Infections
Stages of endometrial cancer:
Abnormal white blood cells
Ulcers
Repeat episodes of cholangitis
Joint pain
Non-small cell lung cancer
Certain drugs, such as a nasal spray or pills, may also be prescribed to control bed wetting.  
Older children should not eat any food or drink any milk after midnight the night before the operation.
Bites caused by mosquitoes, fleas, and mites are more likely to cause itching than pain.
Life expectancies are not well studied, although survival at least until the mid-20s is likely.
Pathological gambling usually begins in early adolescence in men, and between ages 20 and 40 in women.
There is more likely to be increased amounts of pollen in the air on hot, dry, windy days.
Bloating, or swelling due to a buildup of fluid in the tissues can cause weight gain.
If you do not have enough healthy large intestine to reconnect, you may have a colostomy.
The benefits of this surgery are a faster healing time, less pain, and less scarring.
Feelings of isolation or loneliness as children move away and their spouse and close friends die
Raised, red, firm skin sores (erythema nodosum), almost always on the front part of the lower legs
Potatoes that are not green and have had any sprouts removed are safe to eat.
Antihistamines taken by mouth may be used to reduce itching.You can buy antihistamines at the store without a prescription.
Polyps of the colon and rectum are usually benign, meaning they are not cancer and they do not spread.
Whenever possible, avoid or minimize the use of medications to reduce the risk of side effects.
Sometimes, dialysis can be done at home.Home dialysis is usually done using one of two schedules:
CPR can be lifesaving, but it is best done by someone trained in an accredited CPR course.
Molluscum contagiosum is a viral skin infection that causes raised, pearl-like papules or nodules on the skin.
The disorder is most commonly diagnosed between ages 20 and 40, but can be seen at any age.
Nicotine withdrawal is short-lived and symptoms pass in time, usually in less than a week.
In general, a normal value is 179 ± 16 units per 100mL of red blood cells.
Parents should consider screening their unborn baby for other genetic problems that are associated with this condition.
(See: Abdominal pain) The pain may be minor at first, but it becomes more sharp and severe.
A high triglyceride level may lead to atherosclerosis, which increases your risk of heart attack and stroke.
Cap the container.Keep it in the refrigerator or a cool place during the collection period.
It may also indicate cancer in the bile ducts, liver, pancreas, or region of the gallbladder.
The more the avian flu virus spreads, the greater the chances of a worldwide outbreak in humans.
The goal of treatment is to correct the narrowing so bile flow normally from the liver into the intestine.
High doses of lead can damage the nervous system, kidneys, and blood system and can even be lethal.
In many cases, a child who has a night terror only needs to be comforted.
The National Poison Control Center (1-800-222-1222) can be called from anywhere in the United States.
This is for information only and not for use in the treatment or management of an actual poison exposure.
Stage 0 - the cancer has not spread beyond the inner lining of the lung
This article discusses choking in adults or children over age 1 who have lost alertness (are unconscious).
To diagnose mononeuritis multiplex, there usually needs to be problems with two or more unrelated nerve areas.
People with Marfan syndrome are usually tall with long, thin arms and legs and spider-like fingers -- called arachnodactyly.
Women may also develop a typical pattern of hair loss as they age (female-pattern baldness).
What kind of shampoo, hair spray, gel, or other product do you put on your hair?
Soluble fiber has been scientifically proven to lower cholesterol, which can help prevent heart disease.
Genetic counseling may help people who have a family history of inherited disorders that can cause rickets.
Because the baby is no longer getting the drug after birth, symptoms of withdrawal  may occur.
The legs also may feel cool to the touch, and the skin may look pale.
Experimenting with diets on your own can lead to eating disorders and poor eating habits.
In people with certain chronic kidney diseases, blood thinners such as warfarin may be recommended.
A pregnancy test measures a hormone called human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG).HCG is a hormone produced during pregnancy.
Massive bleeding is commonly seen with abdominal aortic aneurysms, mesenteric artery aneurysms, and splenic artery aneurysms.
Treating the condition may make the symptoms go away or stop them from getting worse.
Most children will have minor, short-term hearing loss during and right after an ear infection.
X-ray images are taken to see how the dye moves through the artery and blood vessels of the brain.
Advance directives, power of attorney, and other legal actions may make it easier to make decisions about care.
Fever is the classic symptom and may persist for days before any other symptoms appear.
Other medications and intravenous fluids will be used to treat symptoms such as brain swelling, shock, and seizures.
Abnormal posturing that occurs with little stimulation is a sign of serious central nervous system damage.
How well you do depends on the amount of poison swallowed and how quickly treatment is received.
Always let your doctor know about any cold, flu, fever, herpes breakout, or other illnesses you may have. 
Persons with this form of the disorder are carriers of the disease and usually do not have symptoms.
Go to the emergency room or call your local emergency number (such as 911) if this symptom occurs.
You or a loved one is having increasing problems with memory, walking, and urine incontinence
Improved methods of contraception can help prevent many unplanned pregnancies.However, unplanned pregnancies occur even when couples use birth control.
This is for information only and not for use in the treatment or management of an actual poison exposure.
Fatty plaque deposits inside the blood vessels cause them to narrow and can totally block blood vessels.
This is for information only and not for use in the treatment or management of an actual poison exposure.
However, you may feel short of breath or light-headed.You will be monitored at all times by a technician.
Most people with this disorder can expect to live a normal life with no disability.
Do not expect a doctor to prescribe antibiotics for viral infections like colds or flu.
It may pick up extremely slow heart rate and long pauses, along with episodes of atrial tachycardias.
Most doctors recommend acetaminophen (Tylenol) first, because it has fewer side effects than other drugs.
Patients who receive these less-invasive procedures are more likely to need surgery again after 5 or 10 years.
Bladder exstrophy occurs more often in boys and is often associated with other birth defects.
Because the symptoms of COPD develop slowly, some people may not know that they are sick.
Symptoms generally go away in 1 to 2 weeks, but hardness of the vein may remain for much longer.
Gynecomastia during puberty is not uncommon and usually goes away over a period of months.
Munchausen syndrome occurs because of psychological problems in the adult, and is generally an attention-seeking behavior.
Tretinoin (Retin-A) or creams containing alpha-hydroxy acids may be recommended, but these aren't guaranteed to help.
A tissue biopsy can detect the viral infection and presence of CMV virus particles, but this is rarely done.
Both sexual partners must be treated for both gonorrhea and chlamydia to prevent passing the infections back and forth.
Upper GI endoscopy (viewing the intestines with a flexible, lighted tube in a process called enteroscopy )
Fever is the classic symptom and may persist for days before any other symptoms appear.
These symptoms can quickly get worse and become emergency conditions (such as convulsions or hypoglycemic coma).
If you are concerned about your child's development, talk to your child's health care provider.
At relatively low doses, barituates may cause you to seem like you are drunk, or intoxicated.  
You get iron through certain foods, and your body also reuses iron from old red blood cells.
Placement of a stent to open up the SVC is available at some medical centers.
Distal median nerve dysfunction is a form of peripheral neuropathy that affects the movement of or sensation in the hands.
Your surgeon will loosen skin, fat, and muscle from this area and then tunnel this tissue under your skin to the breast area.
If the person does not drink enough fluids, high urine output may cause dehydration and high levels of sodium in the blood. 
Vaginal inclusion cysts are the most common.These may form as a result of injury to the vaginal walls during birth process or after surgery.
Seeking out a mental health professional who has experience treating people with chronic pain has been shown to improve outcomes.
Genetic factors may play a role, since the disorder tends to run in families.A specific gene has not been identified.
For other types of stings/bites, you may be told to apply vinegar or a meat tenderizer/water solution to neutralize the venom. 
The health care provider will measure and monitor the patient's vital signs, including temperature, pulse, breathing rate, and blood pressure.
Failure of the battery, which would cause the device to stop working properly (the battery normally lasts 3 to 5 years)
Screening women with pelvic ultrasound or blood tests, such as the Ca-125 has not been found to be effective and is not recommended.
Don't battle over unimportant things like which shoes your child wears or whether he or she sits in the high-chair or booster seat.
Newer orthopedic services procedures include minimally invasive surgery techniques, advanced external fixation, and the use of bone graft substitutes and bone-fusing protein.
At 4 months, or when your health care provider recommends, you can start your baby on pureed, strained, or finely mashed foods.
Your health care provider may recommend other immunizations, including Pneumovax (to prevent pneumonia or its complications), flu vaccine, hepatitis immunization, or others.
If you have surgery, your sperm count will likely increase but it will not improve your chances of getting a woman pregnant.
Call your baby's health care provider if your baby has acne that does not clear up on its own within 3 months.
Either oral or intravenous (directly in the vein) drugs are used, depending on the form and stage of the disease.
Protein can also be used by the body for energy, but only after glycogen or carbohydrate stores have been used up.
Call for an appointment with your health care provider or ophthalmologist if vision problems worsen, or do not improve with glasses or contact lenses.
The average weight loss is about one-third to one-half of the extra weight you are carrying.This may be enough for many patients.
When your chest tube is inserted, you will lie on your side or sit partly upright, with one arm over your head.
Call your health care provider if you or your child have symptoms of diabetes such as increased thirst and urination.
Even when aware that their worries or fears are stronger than needed, a person with GAD still has difficulty controlling them.
When the needle is removed, a small piece of tissue remains in the needle.The tissue is sent to a laboratory for examination.
When the needle is inserted to draw blood, some people feel moderate pain, while others feel only a prick or stinging sensation.
Meeting these criteria, as well as having evidence of a recent streptococcal infection, can help confirm that you have rheumatic fever.
Pregnant women with alcoholism should join an alcohol abuse rehabilitation program and be checked closely by a health care provider throughout pregnancy.
Blood is typically drawn from a vein, usually from the inside of the elbow or the back of the hand.
A diet rich in vegetables, fruits, and legumes appears to protect against prostate cancer.This may be because these foods are low in fat.
Call your health care provider if you are exposed to silica at work and you have symptoms of the disease.
Your health care provider may tell you to stop taking certain drugs that can affect the results of the test.
Low back pain is the number two reason that Americans see their health care provider -- second only to colds and flu.
X-rays are a form of electromagnetic radiation like light, but of higher energy, so they can move through the body to form an image.
As children grow older, these tissues tighten and form an arch, most often by the time the child is 2 or 3 years old.
They can become so enlarged that they press on the tubes that bring air to the lungs (bronchi) and cause breathing problems.
You should also call if an existing spot becomes painful or swollen, or if it starts to bleed or itch.
Blood is typically drawn from a vein, usually from the inside of the elbow or the back of the hand.
You should not eat or drink anything for 10 to 12 hours before the test, unless your doctor tells you to do so.
However, as a general rule, once a substance causes allergies for an individual, it can continue to affect the person long term.
Swelling is the enlargement of organs, skin, or other body parts.It is caused by a buildup of fluid in the tissues.
If you use a bronchodilator or inhaler medications, ask your health care provider whether or not you can use them before the test.
A carotid ultrasound or magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) scan should be done to evaluate a blockage in the carotid artery. 
DNR (do not resuscitate) order.This states that CPR (cardiopulmonary resuscitation) is not to be performed if your breathing stops or your heart stops beating.
If you have an exposure, you should call your local emergency number (such as 911) or the National Poison Control Center at 1-800-222-1222.
They are worried that a small amount of mercury (called thimerosal) that is used as a preservative in multidose vaccines will cause these problems.
Some laboratories use different measurements or test different specimens.Talk to your doctor about the meaning of your specific test results.
Women should contact their health care provider immediately if they notice a change in their breasts, whether or not they do breast self-exams.
DO NOT make the person throw up unless told to do so by a health care professional or Poison Control.
A bronchoscopic culture is done to find infection in the lung that cannot be accurately detected by a sputum culture.
The health care provider performs this common exam by shining a beam of light through the pupil using an instrument called an ophthalmoscope.
The outcome of surgery depends on how well the baby's lungs have developed and also on whether there are any other congenital problems.
Do not ignore the signs if you suspect child abuse in your home or in the home of someone you know.
In the past, most patients with heart valve problems were given antibiotics before dental work or an invasive procedure, such as colonoscopy.
Even though you may feel tempted to avoid people when you feel stressed, meeting friends usually helps people feel less stressed.
Long-term infections with hepatitis C or B and long-term alcohol abuse are two of the most common causes of cirrhosis.
To make sure the whole lump has been removed, the sample is sent to a pathologist -- a specialist who examines it.
Giant cell arteritis is almost always seen in people over age 50, but it may sometimes occur in younger people.
It is unlikely that two unrelated people will have the same HLA makeup, although identical twins may match each other.
Some people have an allergy syndrome that affects the mouth and tongue after they eat certain fresh fruits and vegetables. 
Esophageal cancer is a cancerous (malignant) tumor of the esophagus, the muscular tube that moves food from the mouth to the stomach.
A radiologist will use a mammogram or ultrasound to place a needle (or needles) in or near the abnormal breast area.
Symptoms occur when the bacteria enters the facial tissues after trauma, surgery, or infection. Common triggers include dental abscess or oral surgery.
If you feel like you are about to faint, lie down or sit with your head bent forward between your knees.
The health care provider will measure and monitor the patient's vital signs, including temperature, pulse, breathing rate, and blood pressure.
If you can see bone in the injured site, call your local emergency number (such as 911) or local hospital for further advice.
Calcium can combine with other substances, such as oxalate (the most common substance), phosphate, or carbonate, to form the stone.
Without PIG-A, important proteins cannot connect to the cell surface and protect the cell from substances in the blood called complement.
If you are caring for an aging family member and think they may have depression, contact their health care provider.
A fluid imbalance is often associated with imbalances of sodium, potassium (see: hyponatremia, hypokalemia, and hyperkalemia) and other chemicals that help regulate body fluids.
Allow the baby's skin to air dry as long as is practical.Launder cloth diapers in mild soap and rinse well.
Reye syndrome can occur when aspirin is used to treat children with viral infections, such as chickenpox or the flu.
In addition, the breakdown of nutrients by the bacteria in the small intestines can damage the cells lining the intestinal wall.
People at risk for HIV infection should have regular testing to ensure early diagnosis of this infection, as many treatment options are available.
An extradural hemorrhage is bleeding between the inside of the skull and the outer covering of the brain (called the "dura").
The opening is supposed to close soon after birth, but sometimes it does not.In about 1 out of 4 people, the opening never closes.
Other risks with an appendectomy after a ruptured appendix include the following:Buildup of pus, which may need draining and antibiotics
Pinworm eggs are spread directly from person to person.They can also be spread by touching bedding, food, or other items contaminated with the eggs.
Blood is typically drawn from a vein, usually from the inside of the elbow or the back of the hand.
Stents can be placed into the body without cutting the chest.Not all patients with descending thoracic aneurysms are candidates for stenting, however.
Rehabilitation can help many body functions, including bowel and bladder problems, chewing and swallowing, problems thinking or reasoning, movement or mobility, speech, and language.
This is called "monovision," and it eliminates the need for bifocals or reading glasses, but it can affect depth perception.
In secondary amyloidosis, aggressively treating the disease that is causing the excess amyloid protein can improve symptoms and/or slow the disease from getting worse.
If diet and exercise do not help keep your blood sugar at normal or near-normal levels, your doctor may prescribe medication.
Some experts recommend only screening children who have risk factors, such as a family history of high cholesterol or heart attacks before age 55 in men, and before age 65 in women.
CSF oligoclonal banding is a test to look for inflammation-related proteins in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), the clear fluid that flows in the space surrounding the spinal cord and brain.
You may be given a medicine to help you feel sleepy and less anxious, or your doctor may suggest an "open" MRI, in which the machine is not as close to the body.
You may receive medicine to help you feel sleepy and less anxious, or your doctor may suggest an "open" MRI, in which the machine is not as close to the body.
Diagnosing a bleeding disorder is important so that the doctor can take extra care if you need surgery, and can test or warn other family members who might be affected.
Even if it's not an emergency situation, you should be seen by a doctor if you have never fainted before, if you faint often, or if you have new symptoms with fainting.
Family history of early coronary heart disease -- a close relative such as a sibling or parent had heart disease before age 55 (in a man) or before age 65 (in a woman)
If you had an injection in your groin area, you will usually be asked to lie flat on your back for a few hours after the test to avoid bleeding.
Children with early sexual development are more likely to have psychological and social problems.Children and adolescents generally want to be the same as their peers, and early sexual development can make them appear different.
A trained physician, often a cardiologist, inserts a small needle into the chest between the ribs and into the thin sac that surrounds the heart (the pericardium).A small amount of fluid is taken out.
If a lot of bone has been lost due to the fracture (especially if there is a gap between the broken bone ends), the surgeon may decide to do a bone graft.
If scales do not easily loosen and wash off, apply some mineral oil to the baby's scalp and wrap warm, wet cloths around his head for up to an hour before shampooing.
It may be the only option for someone with lung disease who has not gotten better using other medicines and therapies, and is expected to survive for less than 2 years.
This disorder is usually identified when a parent (or prospective parent) is at high risk for neglect or when an adoptive parent has difficulty coping with a newly adopted child.
For the 2-week period before surgery you may be asked to stop taking drugs that make it harder for your blood to clot.These might cause increased bleeding during the surgery.
Studies have shown that the people who benefit most from starting (and sticking to) an exercise program are those who go from a sedentary ("couch potato") lifestyle to a moderately energetic lifestyle.
Veins and arteries vary in size from one patient to another and from one side of the body to the other.Obtaining a blood sample from some people may be more difficult than from others.
The health care provider drapes a cloth or applies wide strips of adhesive tape across your thighs under the scrotum.The scrotal sac will be slightly raised, with the testicles lying side by side.
After surgery and chemotherapy, patients should have the test every 2 - 4 months for the first 2 years, followed by every 6 months for 3 years, and then yearly.
A heart transplant may be considered for some patients with very poor heart function.However, it is not done in those with AL type amyloidosis, because the disease weakens many other organs.
Veins and arteries vary in size from one patient to another and from one side of the body to the other.Obtaining a blood sample from some people may be more difficult than from others.
Direct transfusion of packed red blood cells (compatible with the infant's blood type) and an exchange transfusion to rid the baby's body of the substances that are destroying the red blood cells
Normally when food or liquid enters your stomach, a band of muscle at the end of your esophagus closes off the esophagus.This band is called the lower esophageal sphincter (LES).
Fundoplication - children; Nissen fundoplication - children; Belsey (Mark IV) fundoplication - children; Toupet fundoplication - children; Thal fundoplication - children; Hiatal hernia repair - children; Endoluminal fundoplication - children
A breast MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) scan is an imaging test that uses powerful magnets and radio waves to create pictures of the breast and surrounding tissue.It does not use radiation (x-rays).
Veins and arteries vary in size from one patient to another and from one side of the body to the other.Taking blood from some people may be more difficult than from others.
In older children and adults, flexible flat feet that are painless and do not cause problems with walking do not need further treatment once a health care provider has evaluated them.
The chance of being alive in 5 years (5-year survival rate) for cancer that has spread to the inside of the cervix walls but not outside the cervix area is 92%.
In many cases it will prevent you from getting sick.For example, a person who has had chickenpox or has been immunized against chickenpox is immune from getting chickenpox again.Watch this video about:Immune response
Soon after birth, the baby may be given a medicine called prostaglandin E.This medicine will help keep the patent ductus arteriosus open so that blood can continue to flow to the lungs.
The cause of duodenal atresia is unknown, but it is thought to result from problems during an embryo's development in which the duodenum does not normally change from a solid to a tube-like structure.
Diagnosing a bleeding disorder is important so that the doctor can take extra care if you need surgery, and can test or warn other family members who might be affected.
Pulmonary histiocytosis X is a specific type of this disorder that involves swelling of the small airways (bronchioles) and small blood vessels in the lungs.It is most common in adults.
Retroperitoneal fibrosis is a rare disorder in which the tubes (ureters) that carry urine from the kidneys to the bladder are blocked by a mass in the area behind the stomach and intestines.
Heavy, long-term exercise (such as marathon running and intense gym training) could actually decrease the amount of white blood cells circulating through the body and increase the presence of stress-related hormones.
In a person with dysarthria, a nerve, brain, or muscle disorder makes it difficult to use or control the muscles of the mouth, tongue, larynx, or vocal cords, which make speech.
A thin, hollow tube called a catheter is placed through an artery and carefully moved up through the main blood vessels in the belly area and chest and into an artery in the neck.
Veins and arteries vary in size from one patient to another and from one side of the body to the other.Obtaining a blood sample from some people may be more difficult than from others.
Most infants who receive three doses of this vaccine have long-term protection against the illnesses caused by Haemophilus influenzae type b bacteria.These illnesses include meningitis, pneumonia, and infections of the blood, bones, and joints. 
If this type of hypotension occurs after eating, it is called postprandial orthostatic hypotension.This form most commonly affects older adults, those with high blood pressure, and persons with Parkinson's disease.
Although irritability is not a symptom of any specific illness, it should arouse suspicion in the parent that something might be wrong with the child, even though there may not yet be other symptoms.
A person with diabetes insipidus needs to drink large quantities of water, driven by extreme thirst, to make up for this excessive water loss in the urine (as much as 20 liters per day).
Misaligned teeth, rough edges of fillings, and ill-fitting or unclean mouth appliances (such as braces, dentures, bridges, and crowns) Use of certain medications, including phenytoin, bismuth, and some birth control pills
In people with this condition, a blood clot may occur without the common risk factors of pregnancy, lack of movement (due to surgery or trauma), or use of oral birth control pills.
You'll likely be diagnosed with rheumatic fever if you meet two major criteria, or one major and two minor criteria, and have signs that you've had a previous strep infection.
A cervical MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) scan is a imaging test that uses powerful magnets and radio waves to create pictures of the part of the spine that runs through the neck area.
Call for an appointment with your health care provider if you are experiencing vaginal dryness or soreness, burning, itching, or painful sexual intercourse that is not alleviated with a water-soluble lubricant.
You may also have an abdominal aortic aneurysm that is not causing any symptoms or problems.Your doctor may have found out about this problem from tests called ultrasound or CT scan.
If you are asked to sleep as little as possible before the test, do not eat or drink any caffeine, energy drinks, or other products that help you stay awake.
Some centers are now performing a pregnancy ultrasound around 9 - 13 weeks of pregnancy to look for signs of Down syndrome or other developmental problems in the developing baby.
As they get bigger and stronger, they can start to receive breast milk or formula through a small tube inserted through the nose or mouth into the stomach (gavage feeding).
The aortic valve allows oxygen-rich blood to flow from the heart to the aorta.It prevents the blood from flowing back from the aorta into the heart when the pumping chamber relaxes.
Reduced kidney function will cause digitalis to build up in the body rather than be removed normally through urine.Therefore, any disorders that disrupt kidney functioning (including dehydration) make digitalis toxicity more likely.
You should consider poisoning if someone suddenly becomes sick for no apparent reason, or if the person is found near a furnace, car, fire, or in an area that is not well ventilated.
Veins and arteries vary in size from one patient to another and from one side of the body to the other.Taking blood from some people may be more difficult than from others.
Bladder distention (urinary bladder over-filled with fluid) can cause a firm mass in the center of the lower abdomen above the pelvic bones.In extreme cases it can reach as far up as the navel.
Measuring amylase levels in the urine can help tell macroamylasemia apart from acute pancreatitis.Urine levels of amylase are low in people with macroamylasemia, but high in patients with acute pancreatitis.
Many states offer people who are applying for new or renewed driver's license the opportunity to make a decision regarding organ donation and have it recorded on the driver's license.
Symptoms depend on many things, including the type and strength of voltate, how long you were in contact with the electricity, how it moved through your body, and your overall health.
There may be early chest pain (angina) or decreased blood flow to specific parts of the body, causing transient ischemic attacks of the brain or peripheral artery disease with claudication.
Reduced or absent breath sounds can be an important sign, because it may mean there is a buildup of fluid between the chest wall and lung, called a pleural effusion.
Your kidneys help control your body's acid level by removing acid from the blood and sending it into your urine.Acidic substances in the body are counteracted by alkaline substances, primarily bicarbonate.
If the biopsy is done through the abdominal wall, you will be lying on your back with your right hand under your head.It is important to be as still as possible.
A breath test result that shows a rise in hydrogen content of 12 parts per million (ppm) over your pre-test level is considered positive, and means you may have trouble breaking down lactose.
Unequal pupil sizes of more than 1 mm that develop later in life and do NOT return to equal size may be a sign of an eye, brain, blood vessel, or nerve disease.
A young child will be asked to lie on his or her back with the head turned to the side, or the child's head may rest against an adult's chest.
Infants born to mothers who drink, even in modest amounts, may be born with the fetal alcohol syndrome, which often consists of growth retardation, unusual facial features, and mental retardation.
Millions of people in the United States have successfully quit smoking.Although the number of cigarette smokers in the United States has dropped in recent years, the number of smokeless tobacco users has steadily increased.
Increased calcium for a limited period of time does not normally cause side effects.However, receiving higher amounts of calcium over a long period of time raises the risk of kidney stones in some people.
When you remove the condom after intercourse, and you notice that it is torn or broken, some sperm may have spilled inside the vagina, increasing your risk of becoming pregnant.
This can occur when the blood moves slowly in the veins, such as from prolonged bed rest during an illness, surgery, hospital stay, or prolonged reduced activity such as long airplane or car trips.
Start with eating a well-balanced, healthy diet as well as getting enough sleep and exercise, Also, limit caffeine and alcohol intake and don't use nicotine, cocaine, or other street drugs.
Glucose tolerance tests are one of the tools used to diagnose diabetes.Above-normal blood glucose levels can be used to diagnose type 2 diabetes or high blood glucose during pregnancy (gestational diabetes).
A positive result means antibodies to the fungus have been detected.This means you have been exposed to the fungus at some point, but it does not necessarily mean you have an active infection.
Orbital cellulitis due to this bacteria used to be much more common in young children up to age 6 - 7.However, such infection is now rare because of the HiB (Haemophilus influenzae B) vaccine.
You may be given a medicine to help you feel sleepy and less anxious, or your doctor may suggest an "open" MRI, in which the machine is not as close to the body.
If you cannot stop taking the medication because of disease (for example, if you need steroids to treat severe asthma), make every effort to reduce the possibility of developing complications.
If you have the hysteroscopic tubal occlusion procedure, you will need to keep using a birth control method until you have a test 3 months after the procedure to make sure it worked.
A trained physician, often a cardiologist, inserts a small needle into the chest between the ribs into the thin sac that surrounds the heart (the pericardium).A small amount of fluid is removed.
A legal document that allows an individual to appoint someone else (proxy) to make medical or health care decisions, in the event the individual becomes unable to make or communicate such decisions personally.
Black stool usually means that the blood is coming from the upper part of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract.This includes the esophagus, stomach, and the first part of the small intestine.
You may not need to have a Pap smear if you have had a total hysterectomy (uterus and cervix removed) and have not had an abnormal Pap smear, cervical cancer, or other pelvic cancer.
Veins and arteries vary in size from one patient to another and from one side of the body to the other.Obtaining a blood sample from some people may be more difficult than from others.
Surgery to enlarge the sinus opening and drain the sinuses may also be needed, especially in patients whose symptoms do not go away after 3 months of treatment, or in patients who have more than two or three episodes of acute sinusitis each year.
To obtain a clean-catch sample, men or boys should wipe clean the head of the penis with a moist cloth or alcohol square.Women or girls need to wash the area between the lips of the vagina with soapy water and rinse well.
Persons who use very high concentrations of DEET on their skin over a long period of time (such as military personnel or game wardens) may have more severe skin reactions that include blistering, burning, and permanent scars of the skin.
Make sure your doctor knows about all the medicines you or your child are taking or have recently used.If this test is being done on an infant who is breast-feeding, make sure the health care provider knows what medicines the nursing mother is taking.
In fact, bed rest is NOT recommended.If you have no sign of a serious cause for your back pain (such as loss of bowel or bladder control, weakness, weight loss, or fever), then you should stay as active as possible.
Premature babies will often stay in the neonatal intensive care unit, where they will be carefully monitored to make sure they are getting the right balance of fluids, minerals such as sodium and potassium (electrolytes), and nutrition until their bodies mature.
Young women and girls ages 9 - 26 should be vaccinated against HPV, even if they already have genital warts, though the vaccine is somewhat less effective in preventing cervical cancer if you have already had an infection with high risk HPV.
The pituitary gland near the brain makes too much of the hormone ACTH (called Cushing's disease) because of excess growth of the pituitary gland, or a tumor in the pituitary gland or elsewhere in the body (such as the pancreas, lung, and thyroid)
Mohs surgery: Removing a layer of skin and looking at it immediately under a microscope, then removing many layers of skin until there are no signs of the cancer; usually used for skin cancers on the nose, ears, and other areas of the face.
An exam performed during a tachycardia episode will show a heart rate faster than 100 beats per minute. A normal heart rate is 60 - 100 beats per minute in adults, and under 150 beats per minute in newborns, infants, and small children.
Rash may appear on the palms and soles -- it does not occur on the back, chest, or belly area (this is one of the ways it is identified -- by the absence of the rash from the trunk of the body)
This diet is not only rich in important nutrients and fiber, but it also includes foods that contain far more potassium (4,700 milligrams (mg)/day), calcium (1,250 mg/day), and magnesium (500 mg/day) and much less sodium (salt) than the typical American diet.
However, hormone therapy (HT) may have side effects such as vaginal bleeding, and it has been associated with an increased risk of breast cancer, stroke, and heart disease, depending on when it is started and how long it is used.
Truncus arteriosus is a rare type of heart disease that occurs at birth (congenital heart disease), in which a single blood vessel (truncus arteriosus) comes out of the right and left ventricles, instead of the normal two vessels (pulmonary artery and aorta).
It may take days, weeks, or even months for a child's condition to improve.Parents and caregivers must learn how to treat the child's symptoms, how to monitor for problems, and when to allow the child to return to normal activities.
After thoroughly cleaning the scalp, the surgeon uses small needles to numb an area where there is normal hair growth on the back of the scalp.A portion of the hairy scalp is then removed with a scalpel and set aside.
This is for information only and not for use in the treatment or management of an actual poison exposure.  If you have an exposure, you should call your local emergency number (such as 911) or theNational Poison Control Center at 1-800-222-1222.  
Call for an appointment with your health care provider if you have never been immunized against tetanus as an adult or child, if your children have not been immunized, or if you are unsure of your tetanus immunization (vaccine) status.
The pain often comes from strained tendons (tendinitis) and irritation or softening of the cartilage that lines the underside of the kneecap (chondromalacia patellae).These problems begin when the kneecap does not move properly and rubs against the lower part of the thigh bone.
Neuroblastoma can occur in many areas of the body.It develops from the tissues that form the sympathetic nervous system (the part of the nervous system that controls body functions, such as heart rate and blood pressure, digestion, and levels of certain hormones).
When a person with allergies breathes in an allergen, the body releases histamine and other chemicals as part of the immune response.This causes itching and swelling, mucus production, and in serious cases, hives and rashes, as well as other symptoms.
This condition is often associated with an overgrowth of a type of bacteria that is typically found in the stool.These bacteria are sometimes spread from the rectum to the vaginal area by wiping from back to front after using the bathroom.
Other complications include permanent symptoms such as paralysis or loss of sensation (which began at the time of the injury), herniation of the brain and permanent coma, and normal pressure hydrocephalus, which can lead to weakness, headaches, incontinence, and difficulty walking. 
This infection almost always occurs in people with a weakened immune system due to cancer, AIDS, leukemia, an organ transplant, chemotherapy, or other conditions or medications that lower the number of normal white blood cells or weaken the immune system.
These symptoms are more likely to occur if the skin has been cut or rubbed because this gives the MRSA germ a way to “get in.” Symptoms are also more likely in areas where there is more body hair due to hair follicles.
If your child is to have this test performed, it may be helpful to explain how the test will feel and even demonstrate on a doll.The more familiar your child is with what will happen and why, the less anxiety the child will feel.
Health maintenance visit - men - age 40 - 64; Physical exam - men - age 40 - 64; Yearly exam - men - age 40 - 64; Checkup - men - age 40 - 64; Men's health - age 40 - 64
Once B cells and T cells are formed, a few of those cells will multiply and provide "memory" for your immune system.This allows your immune system to respond faster and more efficiently the next time you are exposed to the same antigen.
Omphalocele repair is surgery to repair a birth defect in the wall of the belly (abdomen) in which all or parts of the small intestine, liver, and large intestine stick out of the belly button (navel) in a thin sac.
This is an important part of lung testing, because the major function of the lungs is to allow oxygen to "diffuse" or pass into the blood from the lungs, and to allow carbon dioxide to "diffuse" from the blood into the lungs.
Aortopulmonary window is a rare heart defect in which there is a hole connecting the major artery taking blood from the heart to the body (the aorta) and the one taking blood from the heart to the lungs (pulmonary artery).
Some patients develop heart failure and high blood pressure in the blood vessels of their lungs.Your chances of recovering or of the disease getting worse depend on the cause and how severe the disease was when it was first diagnosed.
When the pituitary makes too much of the hormone ACTH (called Cushing's disease), which may be caused by excess growth of the pituitary gland, or tumors of the pituitary gland or elsewhere in the body (such as the pancreas, lung, and thyroid)
People with immune problems (such as AIDS patients and those who are on drugs that suppress the immune system) should avoid travel to areas where this fungus is found, if they want to reduce their risk of getting this rare, chronic disorder.
Health maintenance visit - women - age 40 - 64; Physical exam - women - age 40 - 64; Yearly exam - women - age 40 - 64; Checkup - women - age 40 - 64; Women’s health - age 40 - 64
If one part of the heart is moving poorly while the others move well, it may mean that there has been damage to that part of the heart, possibly from a blockage in the artery that delivers blood to that area.
Even if your neck pain does not go away completely, or it gets more painful at times, learning to take care of your neck and back at home and prevent repeat episodes of your pain can help you avoid surgery.
Several days to a week before surgery, you may be asked to stop taking drugs that make it harder for your blood to clot.These include aspirin, ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin), clopidogrel (Plavix), warfarin (Coumadin), naproxen (Aleve, Naprosyn), and other drugs like these.
The most common use of this test is to help diagnose and monitor a disorder called sarcoidosis . People with sarcoidosis may have their ACE levels tested regularly to check the severity of the disease and see how well treatment is working. 
For the infant to live, a large atrial septal defect (ASD) or patent foramen ovale (passage between the left and right atria) must exist to allow oxygenated blood to flow to the left side of the heart and the rest of the body.
A petit mal seizure is the term commonly given to a staring spell, most commonly called an "absence seizure." It is a brief (usually less than 15 seconds) disturbance of brain function due to abnormal electrical activity in the brain.
When a bone marrow biopsy shows no evidence of AML , you are said to be in remission. Complete remission occurs in most patients.How well you do depends on other your overall health and the genetic subtype of the AML cells.
In a spirometry test, while you are sitting, you breathe into a mouthpiece that is connected to an instrument called a spirometer.The spirometer records the amount and the rate of air that you breathe in and out over a period of time.
Older people with PFOs may have a higher rate of a certain type of stroke (called paradoxical thromboembolic stroke), because they often develop blood clots in their leg veins.These clots can sometimes travel to the right side of the heart.
If braces do not work, or if the problem is not diagnosed until the child is older, surgery is usually required.Surgery may involve cutting the shin bone to place it in the proper position, and sometimes lengthen it as well.
However, recent studies do not support this idea, and suggest that these medications can be used in children with tics who also have attention-deficit disorder (which often occurs in the same group of children).A chronic motor tic disorder also exists.
Although your health care provider keeps records from routine examinations, you may find it helpful to keep your own records of your child's development.You will want to bring these records to your health care provider's attention if you notice anything unusual.
Women who are infertile because of Asherman syndrome may have a successful pregnancy after treatment Successful pregnancy depends on the severity of Asherman syndrome and the difficulty of the treatment, as well as other factors that affect fertility and pregnancy.
It is most common in people who have a history of alcohol withdrawal.It is especially common in those who drink 4 - 5 pints of wine or 7 - 8 pints of beer (or 1 pint of "hard" alcohol) every day for several months.
An example of a valid health claim you may see on a high-fiber cereal product food label would be: "Many factors affect cancer risk; eating a diet low in fat and high in fiber may lower the risk of this disease."
If you eat or drink something that is contaminated, the bacteria enter your body.They travel into your intestines, and then into your bloodstream, where they can get to your lymph nodes, gallbladder, liver, spleen, and other parts of your body.
Go to the emergency room or call 911 if you have recently had surgery or a tube placed in the esophagus and you have pain, difficulty swallowing or breathing, or another reason to suspect that you may have esophageal perforation.
If a young child refuses to put weight on an arm or leg after an accident, won't move the arm or leg, or you can clearly see a deformity, assume the child has a broken bone and get medical help.
After the baby is born, the next visit should be 2-3 days after bringing the baby home (for breast-fed babies) or when the baby is 2-4 days old (for all babies who are released from a hospital before they are 2 days old).
Bloodshot eyes appear red because the vessels in the surface of the white portion of the eye (sclera) become enlarged and irritated.This may result from extremely dry air, sun exposure, dust, foreign body, an allergic reaction, infection, trauma, or other conditions.
Although the health care provider maintains records on your baby, it may be helpful to maintain your own records, and bring them to the health care provider's attention if you notice that the infant's head growth pattern seems to be decreasing.
For example, a food that has 13 grams of fat with a Percent Daily Value of 20% means that 13 grams of fat is 20%, or one-fifth, of the total daily fat recommended for a person who eats 2,000 calories per day.
Call your health care provider if you develop symptoms of schistosomiasis, especially if you have traveled to a tropical or sub-tropical area where the disease is known to exist or if you have been exposed to contaminated or suspect bodies of water.
Normal menstrual flow lasts about 4 days (plus or minus 2 - 3 days).It produces a total blood loss of 30 - 80 ml (about 2 - 8 tablespoons), and occurs normally every 28 days (plus or minus 7 days).
People with tears of their rotator cuff tend to do well, although their outcome is strongly dependent upon the size of the tear and how long the tear has been present, as well as their age and pre-injury level of function.
Some women may notice a loss of body hair, but may find that they have coarse facial hair, especially on the chin and around the lips.Men may find the hair of their eyebrows, ears, and nose becoming longer and coarser.
Such activities include bending over a desk for hours, having poor posture while watching TV or reading, placing your computer monitor too high or too low, sleeping in an uncomfortable position, or twisting and turning the neck in a jarring manner while exercising.
In patients who are at high risk for clotting (older patients, those with very high platelet levels or who have had past clotting episodes), aspirin at a low dose (81 to 100 mg per day) decreases clotting episodes.Many patients do not need any treatment.
Hypospadias repair is surgery to correct a birth defect in boys in which the urethra (the tube that carries urine from the bladder to outside the body) does not end at the tip of the penis.Instead, it ends on the underside.
The doctor or nurse will perform a physical exam and ask questions about your family history and symptoms.If you have a family history of this condition, you should have blood tests to check very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and triglyceride levels.
The amount of liquid you eat (such as soup) or drink will be limited to the amount of urine you can produce.You will be told what you may and may not eat to reduce the buildup of toxins that the kidneys would normally remove.
This may be directly related to changes in the immune system, or it may be a result of other problems such as diabetes or arteriosclerosis, which leads to decreased blood flow to some parts of the body such as the lower legs.
If your doctor or nurse thinks you have pneumonia, you will have a complete physical exam and a chest x-ray -- especially since the physical exam may not be able to tell pneumonia from acute bronchitis or other respiratory infections.
For example, the woman who is unable to have an orgasm or has pain with intercourse, or the man who has erection problems (impotence) or retarded ejaculation can lose interest in sex because they associate it with failure or it does not feel good.
It is used for babies who need more help breathing than they can get from an oxygen hood or nasal cannula, but they do not need a machine to completely breathe for them.A CPAP machine delivers oxygen through tubes with soft nasal prongs.
Children who had a large opening or defect in the diaphragm, or who had more problems with their lungs after birth, may have lung disease after they leave the hospital.They may need oxygen, medicines, and a feeding tube for months or years.
Most recurrences occur within the first 2 years after surgery.However, the prognosis for an individual patient depends on several factors, including the ability of the tumor to be completely removed, and the neurological deficits and hormonal imbalances caused by the tumor and the treatment.
For muscle cramps, give beverages as above and massage affected muscles gently, but firmly, until they relax.If the person shows signs of shock (bluish lips and fingernails and decreased alertness), starts having seizures, or loses consciousness, call 911 and give first aid as needed.
Calcium is one of the important minerals needed for bones to form. If you do not get enough calcium and vitamin D, or your body does not absorb enough calcium from your diet, your bones may become brittle and more likely to fracture.
If not, a flexible tube called a shunt may be placed in the brain to re-route the flow of CSF.  The shunt sends CSF to another part of the body, such as the belly area, where it can be absorbed.
Persons with suspected pneumonia should have a complete medical evaluation, including a thorough physical exam and a chest x-ray -- especially because the physical exam may not always be able to tell pneumonia apart from acute bronchitis or other respiratory infections.
The risk is greatest in the summer months, or any time a large amount of algae are blooming in the ocean, such as during “"red tide." A red tide occurs when there is a rapid increase in the amount of dinoflagellates in the water.
Laparoscopic repair: Your surgeon will make 3 - 5 small cuts in your belly.Your surgeon will insert a laparoscope (a thin, hollow tube with a tiny camera on the end) through one of these cuts and other tools through the other cuts.
Sometimes a defibrillator is placed, even if the patient has not had an arrhythmia, but is at high risk for a deadly arrhythmia (for example, if the heart muscle is very sick or the patient has a relative who has died suddenly).
If your appendix breaks open (ruptures), you may have less pain for a short time and you may feel better.However, once the lining of your abdominal cavity becomes swollen and infected (a condition called peritonitis), the pain gets worse and you become sicker.
Combines 2 words at 16 to 24 months -- there is a range of ages at which children are first able to combine words into sentences; if a toddler cannot do so by 24 months, parents should consult their health care provider
Tell the health care provider if you are pregnant, if you have allergies to any medication, which medications you are taking (including any herbal preparations), and if you have ever had any allergic reactions to x-ray contrast material or iodine substance.
Your doctor may recommend this test if you are a woman who has excess hair growth in places where adult men grow hair, or if you have male characteristics, such as a deep voice or an increase in muscle mass.
Morquio syndrome is an inherited disease of metabolism in which the body is missing or doesn't have enough of a substance needed to break down long chains of sugar molecules called glycosaminoglycans (formerly called mucopolysaccharides).
If pain becomes excessive, with blood under the fingernail, talk to your health care provider.Your health care provider may assist you in taking the following steps to relieve the pressure and prevent the fingernail from falling off.
During the days before your surgery, you may be asked to stop taking aspirin, ibuprofen (such as Advil or Motrin), warfarin (Coumadin), and any other drugs that make it hard for your blood to clot.
Opinions about the need for circumcision in healthy boys vary among health care providers.Some believe there is great value to having an intact foreskin, such as allowing for a more natural sexual response during adulthood.
While you recover from a hip fracture, several possible complications can be life-threatening.These include pneumonia and a blood clot in the leg, which can break loose and travel to cause a clot in the lungs.
This will include feeling your abdomen (belly area).The health care provider will tap  (percuss) along the left upper part of your abdomen and feel (palpate) in that same area, especially just under the rib cage. 
Have your baby checked right away if he or she was not examined by a health care provider shortly after birth and you suspect that the head is small or you notice other symptoms of congenital CMV.
The tumor may start anywhere in the body, usually in the long bones of the arms and legs, the pelvis, or the chest.It may also develop in the skull or the flat bones of the trunk.
If the baby is very premature and there is only a small placental separation, the mother may be kept in the hospital for close observation.She may be released after several days if the condition does not get worse.
It can take years for precancerous changes to turn into cervical cancer.Most women who are diagnosed with cervical cancer today have not had regular Pap smears or they have not followed up on abnormal Pap smear results.
When your back pain does not go away, or it gets more painful at times, learning to take care of your back at home and prevent repeat episodes of your back pain can help you avoid surgery.
People with this condition generally have a large left ventricle (the pumping chamber of the heart that supplies the body with blood), and a small right ventricle (the pumping chamber that supplies the lungs with blood).
Eat 3 - 5 servings a day: one serving equals 1 cup leafy, green vegetables; 1 cup cooked or chopped raw leafy vegetables; 3/4 cup vegetable juice; or 1/2 cup of chopped vegetables, cooked or raw.
Other foods such as broccoli, cooked greens, and canned salmon (with bones) will also provide a source of calcium in the diet; however, it is often difficult to get children to consume adequate quantities of these foods.
Your doctor may order this test if you are a woman who is having trouble getting pregnant, who does not have regular periods, or has signs of a disorder associated with abnormal levels of LH.
Swan-Ganz catheterization is the passing of a thin tube (catheter) into the right side of the heart and the arteries leading to the lungs to monitor the heart's function and blood flow, usually in persons who are very ill.
During childbirth, the flexibility of the fibers allows the bones to overlap so the head can pass through the birth canal without pressing on and damaging the infant's brain.During infancy and childhood, the fibers are flexible.
DTaP is recommended unless there is a reason that the child should not receive the pertussis vaccine (such as an allergic reaction), in which case a vaccine against diphtheria and tetanus (DT vaccine) only should be given.
Up to 2,500 - 3,000 mg a day of calcium from dietary sources and supplements appears to be safe for children and adolescents, and 2,000 - 2,500 mg a day appears to be safe for adults.
At 36 months, does not have at least a 200-word vocabulary, is not asking for items by name, exactly repeats questions spoken by others, language has regressed (become worse), or is not using complete sentences
The condition is believed to result from both a defect in the brain's control over breathing, and excessive weight (due to obesity) against the chest wall.This makes it hard for a person to take a deep breath.
For hair loss due to illness (such as fever), radiation therapy, medication use, or other causes, no treatment is necessary.The hair will usually grow back when the illness has ended or the therapy is finished.
Problems with words that have a certain sound, such as words with "k," "g," or "r." The child may either leave out these sounds, not pronounce them clearly, or use a different sound in their place.
In multifocal atrial tachycardia (MAT), multiple locations in the atria fire signals at the same time.Too many signals lead to a rapid heart rate -- usually from 100 to 130 beats per minute in adults.
Percutaneous mitral balloon valvotomy (also called valvuloplasty) may be tried instead of surgery in people with a less damaged mitral valve.During this procedure, a tube (catheter) is inserted into a vein, usually in the leg.
When the mitral valve doesn't close all the way, blood flows backward into the upper heart chamber (atrium) from the lower chamber as it contracts.This leads to a decrease in blood flow to the rest of the body.
In January 2001, the FDA's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition proposed that developers of bioengineered food submit scientific and safety information to the FDA at least 120 days before the food is marketed.
If you are traveling to an area where malaria is co mmon, you may need to take medications that prevent the disease before you leave, during your travel, and for a short period after you return.
It is important for parents to report signs of infection and stress to your child's health care provider because the child may need more medication.Steroids cannot be stopped suddenly because doing so may lead to adrenal insufficiency.
However, your doctor may order a brain MRI or CT scan if you have never had one before or if you have unusual symptoms with your migraine, including weakness, memory problems, or loss of alertness.
Special care must be taken to maintain bowel control in people who have a decreased ability to recognize the urge to defecate, or who have impaired mobility that prevents them from independently and safely using the toilet.
Should be able to sleep 6 - 8 hour stretches at nightShould have doubled birth weight (birth weight often doubles by 4 months, and it would be cause for concern if this hasn't happened by 6 months)
If you know for certain that the person has been stung by a Portuguese man-of-war or sea nettle, wash with salt water (ocean water is okay, but make sure you do NOT get sand in the wound).
Dysfunction of one nerve group, such as the distal median nerve, is called a mononeuropathy.Mononeuropathy means there is a local cause of the nerve damage, although occasionally body-wide (systemic) disorders may cause isolated nerve damage.
The graft is carefully spread on the bare area where it is being transplanted.It is held in place either by gentle pressure from a well-padded dressing that covers it, or by staples or a few small stitches.
This may happen after giving birth (postpartum), in people with certain autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, in people with certain types of cancer (most commonly lymphomas and leukemias), and also for unknown reasons (called "idiopathic").
Bili lights is a type of light therapy (phototherapy) that is used to treat newborn jaundice . Jaundice is a yellow coloring of the skin and eyes caused by too much of a substance called bilirubin.
When the muscle shortens, it pulls on the joint at the end of the muscle just as it would if it were normally contracted.But because it is stiff, the joint remains bent and cannot straighten.
With a slipped disk in your neck, you may have pain when moving your neck, deep pain near or over the shoulder blade, or pain that moves to the upper arm, forearm, or (rarely) fingers.
Chronic or recurrent infections may occur if you do not get the proper treatment or have an underlying medical condition.It is important for your doctor to check you for diseases that can lead to yeast infections, such as diabetes.
Immediately call your local emergency number (such as 911) or go to the hospital emergency room if you have a history of angina and the crushing or squeezing chest pain is not relieved by nitroglycerin.
About 10 days before the surgery, you will be asked to stop giving your child aspirin, ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin), warfarin (Coumadin), and any other drugs that make it hard for your child’s blood to clot.
In fact, the U.S.Food and Drug Administration (FDA) agreed that 25 grams per day of soy protein, as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol, may reduce the risk of heart disease.
When your child is discharged from the hospital, parents and caregivers are taught what activities are okay for their child to do, how to care for the incision, and how to give medicines their child may need.
To see if you need glasses, the doctor will place several lenses in front of your eye, one at a time, and ask you when the letters on the Snellen chart become easier to see.
If the heartbeat is very fast, the heart has less time to fill up with blood, so it doesn't have the right amount of blood to pump to the brain and the rest of the body.
Lay the person flat, elevate the feet about 12 inches above the head, and cover the person with a coat or blanket.However, DO NOT move the person if a head, neck, or back injury is suspected.
Tricuspid regurgitation is a disorder in which the heart's tricuspid valve does not close properly, causing blood to flow backward (leak) into the right upper heart chamber (atrium) when the right lower heart chamber (ventricle) contracts.
The surgeon will make a 5- to 7-inch cut in the upper right part of your belly, just below your ribs.The surgeon will cut the bile duct and blood vessels that lead to the gallbladder.
Many dentists consider silver amalgam (alloy) and gold to be stronger, and these materials are often used on back teeth.There is a trend to use high strength composite resin in the back teeth as well.
Peripheral vertigo occurs if there is a problem with the part of the inner ear that controls balance (vestibular labyrinth or semicircular canals) or with the vestibular nerve, which connects the inner ear to the brainstem.
If the condom has a little tip (receptacle) on the end of it (to collect semen), place the condom against the top of the penis and carefully roll the sides down the shaft of the penis.
People with many tumors, or who get them at an early age may have an increased risk of developing cancer, particularly if they have a family history of cancer or there are abnormal cells in the biopsy.
Because toxic nodular goiter is mainly a disease of the elderly, other chronic health problems may influence the outcome of this condition. An elderly person may be less able to tolerate the effect of hyperthyroidism on the heart.
Your health care provider will examine you for signs of food poisoning, such as pain in the stomach and signs your body does not have as much water and fluids as it should.This is called dehydration.
Treatment can cause significant side effects in children younger than 6 months old, the elderly, and anyone weighing less than 110 lbs (50 kg), especially when the treatment is used repeatedly in a short period of time.
Surgery combined with radiation therapy is often used to treat women with stage 1 disease that has a high chance of returning, has spread to the lymph nodes, or is a grade 2 or 3.
A focal neurologic deficit is a problem with nerve, spinal cord, or brain function.It affects a specific location, such as the left side of the face, right arm, or even a small area such as the tongue.
Children who grow up in an environment of illicit drug use may first see their parents using drugs.This may put them at a higher risk for developing an addiction later in life for both environmental and genetic reasons.
Glioblastoma multiforme - adults; Ependymoma - adults; Glioma - adults; Astrocytoma - adults; Medulloblastoma - adults; Neuroglioma - adults; Oligodendroglioma - adults; Lymphoma - adults; Vestibular schwannoma (acoustic neuroma) - adults; Meningioma - adults; Cancer - brain tumor (adults)
They rub together with each breath, and may produce a rough, grating sound called a "friction rub." Your health care provider can hear this sound with the stethoscope, or by placing an ear against your chest.
Within a few days, the larvae then move through the bloodstream to the lungs, exit up through the large airways of the lungs, and are swallowed back into the stomach and reach the small intestine.
Acute mitral regurgitation is a disorder in which the heart's mitral valve suddenly does not close properly, causing blood to flow backward (leak) into the upper heart chamber when the left lower heart chamber contracts.
A milder form of nicotine withdrawal that involves some or all of these symptoms can occur when a smoker switches from regular to low-nicotine cigarettes or significantly cuts down on the number of cigarettes smoked.
If only one parent passes the defective gene to the child, the child is called a carrier.He or she won't be sick, but will have the potential to pass the disease to his or her own children.
Parents who handle or are otherwise exposed to pesticides at work should be careful about cleaning any residue from their skin, and removing their clothes and shoes before entering the home or having contact with family members.
Advance care directives allow patients to provide instructions about their preferences regarding the care they would like to receive if they develop an illness or a life-threatening injury and are unable to express their preferences.
Allergic conjunctivitis occurs when the clear layer of tissue lining the eyelids and covering the white of the eye (conjunctiva) become swollen or inflamed due to a reaction to pollen, dander, mold, or other allergy-causing substances.
A nursing mother can safely drink moderate amounts of caffeine (equal to 1 cup of coffee per day) without causing harm to her baby.But any more caffeine than that may cause agitation and sleeping problems in the baby.
Women who are pregnant or are breastfeeding should let their doctor know before having this test.Infants and babies developing in the womb are more sensitive to the effects of radiation because their organs are still growing.
You can catch tinea capitis if you come into direct contact with an area of ringworm on someone else's body, or if you touch items such as combs, hats, or clothing that have been used by someone with ringworm.
Dependence -- cannot face daily life without drugs; denies problem; physical condition gets worse; loss of "control" over use; may become suicidal; financial and legal problems get worse; may have broken ties with family members or friends.
You think you should cut back on drinking, a family member or friend has asked you to cut back, you feel guilty about the amount of alcohol you drink, or you drink alcohol first thing in the morning
Lumps in the muscles of the neck -- almost always in the front of the neck -- are caused by injury or torticollis.Lumps in the skin or just below the skin are often caused by cysts, including sebaceous cysts.
Occupational asthma is a lung disorder in which substances found in the workplace cause the airways of the lungs to swell and narrow, leading to attacks of wheezing, shortness of breath, chest tightness, and coughing.
If the two are parallel, then the fetus is said to be in a longitudinal lie.If the two are at 90-degree angles to each other, the fetus is said to be in a transverse lie.
Your health care provider will try to determine the cause of your back pain and whether it is likely to quickly get better with simple measures, such as ice, mild painkillers, physical therapy, and proper exercises.
Transposition of the great vessels is a heart defect that occurs from birth (congenital). The two major vessels that carry blood away from the heart -- the aorta and the pulmonary artery -- are switched (transposed).
The goal of this program is to drink a little bit of fluid at a time throughout the day, so your bladder does not need to handle a large volume of urine at one time.
Your health care provider will tell you if it's necessary to stop taking any drugs that may interfere with this test.Make sure that your doctor is aware of all drugs you are taking, both prescription and nonprescription.
Tell your health care provider right away if you or your child develop fever, headache, muscle aches, vomiting, or jaundice, especially if you have traveled to an area where yellow fever is known to occur.
While you are in the hospital, tell your nurse or doctor right away if the leg that had surgery feels cool, looks pale or pink, feels numb, or if you have any other new symptoms.
While the baby is in the womb, there is normally an opening between the upper chambers of the heart (atria) to allow blood to flow around the lungs.This opening usually closes around the time when the baby is born.
Although a second surgery may improve distance vision, it may not relieve other symptoms such as glare, haloes, or problems with night driving.  Often, these problems will go away by 6 months after the surgery, but a small number of people may continue to have problems with glare.
Social phobia can be limited to one situation (such as talking to people, eating or drinking, or writing on a blackboard in front of others).Or, it may be so broad (such as in generalized social phobia) that the person experiences anxiety around almost everyone other than family members.
Research shows that the more times you try, the more likely you are to succeed -- so don't give up! If you aren't successful the first time you try to quit, look at what worked or didn't work, think of new ways to quit smoking, and try again.
Total anomalous pulmonary venous return is a heart disease that is present at birth (congenital heart disease) in which none of the four veins that take blood from the lungs to the heart is attached to the left atrium (left upper chamber of the heart).
Not having milk in your diet can lead to a shortage of calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, and protein.You may need to find new ways to get calcium into your diet (depending on your age and gender, you need 1,000 - 1,500 mg of calcium each day):
Regular use -- the user misses more and more school or work; worries about losing drug source; uses drugs to "fix" negative feelings; begins to stay away from friends and family; may change friends to those who are regular users; shows increased tolerance and ability to "handle" the drug.
The muscle at the top of the stomach may be too loose (so it can't hold things in), the valve at the bottom of the stomach may be too tight (so the stomach gets too full), or big air bubbles may take up too much room.
Most men ejaculate within a few minutes of starting to thrust during intercourse.Men with delayed ejaculation may be unable to ejaculate (for example, during intercourse), or may only be able to ejaculate with great effort after having intercourse for a long time (for example, 30 to 45 minutes).
Communication training helps couples learn how to talk to one another, show empathy, resolve differences with sensitivity and respect for each other's feelings, learn how to express anger in a positive way, reserve time for activities together, and show affection, in order to encourage sexual desire.
Some substances that are found to be harmful to people or animals may still be allowed, but only at the level of 1/100th of the amount that is considered harmful.People with any allergies or food intolerances should always check the ingredient list (label) for their own protection.
Nutrition is so important for a child's intellectual development that the United States government put programs in place to make sure each child has at least one healthy, balanced meal a day.This meal is usually breakfast, because the relationship between breakfast and improved learning has been clearly shown.
The test may last 30 - 60 minutes.If you also need special procedures, the test may take longer. If the catheter is placed in your groin, you will usually be asked to lie flat on your back for a few hours after the test to avoid bleeding.
Note: It is often technically easier to treat (and therefore raise) the child as female (it is easier for a surgeon to make female genitalia than it is to make male genitalia), so in some cases this is recommended even if the child is genetically male.
However, DDAVP does not work for all types of  von Willebrand disease.Tests should be done to determine what type of von Willebrand you have.  If you are going to have surgery, your doctor may give you DDAVP  before surgery to see if your von Willebrand factor levels increase.
If jaundice occurs or lasts past the first week of life in an otherwise healthy and thriving breast-fed infant, the condition may be called "breast milk jaundice." It is probably caused by factors in the breast milk that block certain proteins in the liver that break down bilirubin.
It needs to be treated.In the past, erection problems were thought to be "all in the man's mind." Men often were given unhelpful advice such as, "don't worry," or "just relax and it will take care of itself." Today, doctors believe that physical factors often cause erection problems.
Because it is difficult to determine the amount of radiation exposure from nuclear accidents, the best signs of the severity of the exposure are: the length of time between the exposure and the onset of symptoms, the severity of symptoms, and severity of changes in white blood cells.
Call your local emergency number (such as 911) or take the patient to a hospital emergency room if he or she develops decreased alertness or other symptoms, especially if there has been a head injury or if the person has a brain tumor or blood vessel problem.
Pseudomembranous colitis is rare in infants younger than 12 months old and uncommon in children.  It is most often seen in people who are in the hospital. However, it is becoming more common in people who take antibiotics and who are not in the hospital.  
Occasionally, a penicillin (or other drug) allergy responds to desensitization, where you are given larger and larger doses of a medicine to improve your tolerance of the drug.This should only be done by an allergist when there is no alternative drug for you to take. 
6. If the person is faint, pale, or shows other signs of shock, lay him or her down, with the head slightly lower than the trunk of the body and the legs elevated, and cover him or her with a warm blanket or a coat.
Increased intracranial pressure can be due to a rise in cerebrospinal fluid pressure.It can also be due to increased pressure within the brain matter caused by a mass (such as a tumor), bleeding into the brain or fluid around the brain, or swelling within the brain matter itself.
If the tip of the hook lies near the surface of the skin, push the tip through the skin, cut it off just behind the barb with wire cutters, and remove the remainder of the hook by pulling it back through the way it entered.
Hold your baby close to your chest.Sometimes, infants need to experience familiar sensations, such as the sound of your voice in your chest, your heartbeat, the feel of your skin, the smell of your breath, the movement of your body, and the comfort of your hug.
With proper treatment and a team approach to managing asthma, almost all children with asthma can live a normal life.However, poorly controlled asthma may lead to missed school, problems playing sports, missed work for parents, and many visits to the doctor's office and emergency room.
Talk to your health care provider if you have given birth (or expect to give birth) in a place where antibiotic or silver nitrate drops are not routinely placed in the infant's eyes -- for example, if you are having an unsupervised birth at home.
An implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) is a device that can be implanted in the chest wall of people who are at risk for this serious rhythm disorder. The ICD can help prevent sudden cardiac death by quickly sending an electrical shock when ventricular fibrillation occurs.
Greater respect for the complexities of female sexual functioning has led them to conclude that suboptimal female genitalia may not be inherently better than suboptimal male genitalia, even if the reconstruction is "easier."In addition, other factors may be more important in gender satisfaction than functioning external genitals.
To help reduce the risk of Group B streptococcal septicemia, the American Academy of Pediatrics, American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and U.S.Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend that pregnant women get tested for group B streptococcus at 35 - 37 weeks into their pregnancy.
Deficiency happens more often in women than in men, and is more common in pregnant women and older children. Getting enough iodine in the diet may prevent a form of physical and mental retardation called cretinism.Cretinism is very rare in the U.S. because iodine deficiency is generally not a problem.
People who have a sudden herniated disk caused by injury (such as a car accident or lifting a very heavy object) will get nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications (NSAIDs) and narcotic painkillers if they have severe pain in the back and leg.If you have back spasms, you will usually receive muscle relaxants.
Threre is a wide range for what is considered "normal." Just because your child is in the 15th percentile for weight (meaning 85 out of 100 children weigh more), this number rarely means your child is sick, you're not feeding your child enough, or your breast milk is not enough for your baby.
Congenital heart surgery; Patent ductus arteriosus ligation; Hypoplastic left heart repair; Tetralogy of Fallot repair; Coarctation of the aorta repair; Atrial septal defect repair; Ventricular septal defect repair; Truncus arteriosus repair; Total anomalous pulmonary artery correction; Transposition of great vessels repair; Tricuspid atresia repair; VSD repair; ASD repair; PDA ligation
This test is done during a hospital stay.  It tells the difference between someone who is making urine because of drinking a lot of liquid and someone who is not.  If you have central diabetes insipidus, you will still make a lot of urine even when fluids are not given. 
Also, many refined foods, such as white flour, sugar, and white rice, lack B vitamins and other important nutrients unless they are marked "enriched." It is healthiest to get carbohydrates, vitamins, and other nutrients in as natural a form as possible -- for example, from fruit instead of table sugar.
The pituitary gland near the brain makes too much of the hormone ACTH (called Cushing's disease), which may happen with too much growth of the pituitary gland, a tumor of the pituitary gland, or a tumor elsewhere in the body (such as the pancreas, lung, and thyroid) that produces ACTH
In the past, the prevailing opinion was that it was generally best to assign a gender as quickly as possible, often based on the external genitals rather than the chromosomal gender, and to instruct the parents to have no ambiguity in their minds as to the gender of the child.
Daily preoccupation -- the user loses any motivation; does not care about school and work; has obvious behavior changes; thinking about drug use is more important than all other interests, including relationships; the user becomes secretive; may begin dealing drugs to help support habit; use of other, harder drugs may increase; legal problems may increase.
You have sudden, sharp chest pain with shortness of breath, especially after a long trip, a stretch of bedrest (for example, following an operation), or other lack of movement, especially if one leg is swollen or more swollen than the other (this could be a blood clot, part of which has moved to the lungs).
The mother may fake symptoms of illness in her child by adding blood to the child's urine or stool, withholding food, falsifying fevers, secretly giving the child drugs to make the child throw up or have diarrhea, or using other tricks, such as infecting intravenous (given through a vein) lines to make the child appear or become ill.
Because there is little or no flow out of the left heart, blood returning to the heart from the lungs needs to pass through the foramen ovale or an atrial septal defect (a hole connecting the collecting chambers on the left and right sides of the heart) back to the right side of the heart.
You can take the tooth to the dentist by following one of these tips:Try to place the tooth back in the mouth where it fell out, so it is level with other teeth. Bite down gently on gauze or a wet tea bag to help keep it in place. Be careful not to swallow the tooth.
Another myth of adolescence is the idea that "it will never happen to me, only the other person." "It" may represent becoming pregnant or catching a sexually-transmitted disease after having unprotected sex, causing a car crash while driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, or any of the many other negative effects of risk-taking behaviors.
It is important to have the teeth cleaned thoroughly.This may involve use of various tools to loosen and remove plaque and tartar from the teeth. Proper flossing and brushing is always needed, even after professional tooth cleaning, to reduce your risk of gum disease. Your dentist or hygienist will show you how to brush and floss properly.
They include:
The following may also increase your risk for lung cancer:
Reactions to medications
All young people whose skeletons have matured, and who have a curve greater than 45 degrees.
Cysts -- fluid-filled sacs
Vision problems
A strain is when a muscle becomes overstretched and tears.
Smoking leads to the development of many severe lung diseases that can cause respiratory acidosis.
Other surgery may be done to remove some bone if the fracture is due to a tumor. 
Nosebleeds
Adults can receive the hepatitis B vaccine only, or a vaccine called Twinrix that protects against both hepatitis A and B.
Eat more legumes (beans, lentils, and dried peas).
You will need to stop eating and drinking most fluids after midnight the night before your surgery.
You have any symptoms of hypercalcemia
Enlarged heart
Treatments for chronic conditions may be repeated over days or weeks.
An abnormal result may also be due to:
These symptoms can also be due to other, less serious conditions, so it is important to talk to your health care provider.
At 8 - 12 months of age, a baby will be ready to try strained or finely chopped meats.
Oxygen
The brain continues to form.
Do NOT make a person throw up unless told to do so by poison control or a health care professional.
The health care provider may hear an abnormal sound called a bruit when using a stethoscope to listen to the blood flow in your neck.
People sweat more in warm temperatures, when they exercise, or in response to situations that make them nervous, angry, embarrassed, or afraid.Watch this video about:Sweating
If you have swollen lymph nodes and a scratch or bite from a cat, your health care provider may suspect cat scratch disease.
This disease is often not found because it is hard to diagnose.
Bile duct tumors
A doctor should evaluate any unusual behaviors or personality changes.
If you have had a prolactinoma in the past, call your health care provider for a general follow-up, or if your symptoms return.
Medicines can work very well for some newborns, with few side effects.
Heart murmur
Persons with this condition should be closely watched for signs of kidney failure.
Skin 
The disturbances may be severe enough to cause profound shock, organ failure, and death.
You have been diagnosed with Addison's disease, and you have stress such as infection, injury, trauma, or dehydration.
Water restriction
A clubfoot occurs when tight tendons and ligaments prevent the foot from stretching into the right position.
When the needle is inserted to draw blood, you may feel moderate pain, or only a prick or stinging sensation.
Thyroid disease
Weakness of the affected muscles
Muscle aches and pains
Do NOT give a child aspirin.Aspirin has been linked to Reye syndrome.
It is important to prevent injury that might cause the spleen to rupture.You should avoid contact sports. 
Abscess (collection of pus)
Apert syndrome
A health care provider can confirm that you have a hernia during a physical exam.
To repair this defect, a cut is usually made on the left side of the chest, between the ribs.
Pneumonia due to trouble swallowing
Denying the hair pulling
Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
This may lead to menstrual cycle changes, cysts in the ovaries, trouble getting pregnant, and other health changes.
You may stay in the hospital for 1 to 4 days.
A chest x-ray may show abdominal organs in chest cavity.
Anyone who has ascites and develops new abdominal pain and fever should contact their health care provider immediately.
Direct immunofluorescence test; Direct fluorescent antibody - sputum
Special blood transfusions may be needed to treat severe symptoms.
Infection (a slight risk any time the skin is broken)
There is no proven prevention for presbyopia.
Damaged or abnormal heart valve
Cervix surgery; Cryosurgery - female
Medications that make the heart muscle pump harder (inotropic agents)
Spina bifida
Have trouble with your immune system (chronic steroid therapy, after a bone marrow or organ transplant, had spleen removed, HIV-positive, were being treated for cancer)
If you have leg pain from cramps or overuse, take these steps first:
Have you had a recent medical test or surgery?
Abnormal connections between veins and arteries (fistulas)
Bronchoscopy with culture
Powerful anti-inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids are tried first.
CT
Addison's disease
There are two types of blood pregnancy tests:
Pressure is applied to the nail bed until it turns white, indicating that the blood has been forced from the tissue.This is called blanching.
It is more common in people of African and Mediterranean descent.
Movement of the implant
The hearing loss may lead to deafness. 
Several conditions may cause increased pressure in the skull, including:
It is called “atypical” because the symptoms differ from those of pneumonia due to other common bacteria. 
Most women have only one polyp, but some women have two or three.
The cause of rhabdomyosarcoma is unknown.
Is there blood on the toilet paper only?
You may feel some discomfort when the IV is placed into your arm, and some pressure at the site when the catheter is inserted.
Liver function tests such as ALP
Excessive bleeding
Deformities caused by surgery done to treat tumors
Vomiting
Diagnose certain liver disorders
Risks and complications include cramps, bleeding (sometimes severe), and perforation of the uterus.
Seizures may occur at the time the hematoma forms, or up to months or years afterward.
A TIA is often considered a warning sign that a stroke may happen in the future if something is not done to prevent it.
Developmental milestones record - 4 months
Dimenhydrinate overdose occurs when someone accidentally or intentionally takes more than the normal or recommended amount of this medication.
If the child is not breast-fed, using a formula that contains processed cow milk protein (called partially hydrolyzed formula) may decrease the chances of developing atopic dermatitis.
Irritability and sensitivity to loud sounds
A needle is inserted into the vein, and the blood is collected in an air-tight vial or a syringe.
CSF normally moves through the brain and the spinal cord, and is soaked into the bloodstream. CSF levels in the brain can rise if: 
You will have an electrocardiogram (ECG) to look for heart damage.
Allergic reactions to the substance rarely occur.
Other factors, such as pregnancy and illnesses, are also important.
It may include:
Talk to your doctor about the meaning of your specific test results.
You will not be allowed to drive home.
You are concerned at any time.
Vision loss refers to the partial or complete loss of vision.
The laboratory specialist will add chemicals to the blood sample and see how many seconds it takes for the blood to clot.
They usually start to work in 15 to 45 minutes.These drugs can have side effects, which can range from muscle pain and flushing to heart attack.
Other tests may be done to determine the cause of the dehydration (for example, blood sugar level to check for diabetes).
Asthma symptoms usually occur much less often or disappear as the child gets get older.
Waxy, yellow surface
A flexible tube is placed through the child's nose and into the stomach.
CT scan of the pelvic area
Alcoholic cardiomyopathy
You may need more than one type.
Irritability
Sharp chest pain, made worse by a deep breath or a cough
Scrotal masses can be caused by:
If joint (synovial) fluid builds up quickly due to the infection, a needle may be inserted into the joint often to aspirate the fluid.
Uppers (stimulants) produce excitement, increased heart rate, and rapid breathing.Downers (depressants) do just the opposite.
Cleft lip and cleft palate repair is surgery to fix birth defects of the upper lip and palate (roof of the mouth).
May have satellite lesions (smaller lesions next to bigger ones)
In the United States, the law requires car seats for children under 40 pounds.
Surgery is needed to drain the infected area.
Abnormal heart sounds
Grow to a height of 50% over birth length
Convulsions
Cerebrospinal fluid studies (lumbar puncture)
Seeds (such as sunflower seeds)
Increased thirst
Orchitis is swelling (inflammation) of one or both of the testicles.
A light beam shines through the otoscope into the ear canal.
Medications include:
Loss of axon tissue
Grief that lasts for more than 2 months and is severe enough to interfere with your daily life may be a sign of complicated grief and more serious illness, such as major depression.
Choking
There is no specific treatment for Krabbe disease.
Stress
Do you have tearing or discharge?
General discomfort, uneasiness, or ill feeling (malaise)
Heavy menstrual periods
Chronic cholecystitis is swelling and irritation of the gallbladder that persists over time.
Biopsy - breast; Open breast biopsy
Loss of feeling in the area (which may happen after severe pain in the area)
Retinal detachment -- scarring may cause part of the retina to pull away from the back of your eyeball
Estrogens (birth control pills) and dexamethasone can decrease 17-OHCS measurements.
Symptoms of strokes due to vertebrobasilar disorders may include:
Acting irritable or fussy, even after feeding
Infection
Signs of severe dehydration:
Choledocholithiasis
Transvaginal means across or through the vagina.
It does NOT need to be an emergency.You can call for any reason, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Digoxin: greater than 2.4 ng/mL
These images can be stored, viewed on a monitor, or printed on film.
If the skin is broken, take steps to prevent infection.
Slow movements
Talk to your doctor about the meaning of your specific test results.
That condition is diagnosed based on a family history, medical history, and physical exam.
If the injury is caused by overuse, a change in work habits may be indicated to prevent recurrence of the problem.
Nerve conduction studies
Hypothyroidism:
Better eye-muscle control allows the infant to track objects
Infants will still wake up during the night.However, over time, your infant will learn to self-soothe and fall back asleep on his or her own.
Cramps for a week or two before menstruation and during menstruation; cramps may be steady and range from dull to severe)
School-age children development
If the problem develops slowly, the first symptoms may be:
You have symptoms of corneal ulcers or an infection
Certain medications that treat anxiety and social phobia have been used safely and successfully.
A port-wine stain is a flat hemangioma made of dilated blood capillaries.
Symptoms often develop gradually, and may occur months or years after the event that causes the bronchiectasis.
Time it was swallowed
Blotching of the face and torso
Build your child's feelings of self-worth.
Heart murmur and leaky heart valves
What other symptoms do you have? 
Food cravings
Sneezing is caused by irritation to the mucus membranes of the nose or throat.It can be very bothersome, but is rarely a sign of a serious problem.
Bone grafting may be performed using the patient's own bone, usually taken from the hip.Or, bone taken from a donor can be used.
Persistent cough
Special enzymes to replace enzymes from the pancreas 
A jock strap (scrotal support) or snug underwear may help relieve the pain or discomfort.
Fistulas in the following areas: 
Bleeding of the retina
You may occasionally eat lean, 3-ounce cuts of red meat.
However, environmental factors may play a role, as well.
Increased appetite (with marijuana use)
Acute renal failure
X-ray - teeth; Radiograph - dental; Bitewings; Periapical film; Panoramic film
Lungs and airways 
This test is done to measure the level of amino acids in the blood.
Other less effective forms of bug sprays contain pyrethrins.Pyrethrins are a pesticide created from the chrysanthemum flower.
Normal glucose range in urine: 0 - 0.8 mmol/l (0 - 15 mg/dL)
Blindness
The course of the disorder may involve cycles of severe symptoms followed by improvement.
If crying is due to sleep disturbance, wrap the baby firmly in a blanket before putting the infant to bed.
Henoch-Schonlein purpura
The red blood cells that were given to the patient are destroyed by the patient's immune system.
Childhood volvulus
Culture can detect:
Ultrasound of the hip
Infection (a slight risk any time the skin is broken)
Painful swelling of upper and lower eyelid, and possibly the eyebrow and cheek
Treatment involves surgery to remove the cancer cells.
Time pattern 
DO NOT try to do this yourself because you may harm the child.
String test (rarely performed)
Certain medications, such as procainamide, hydralazine, phenytoin, isoniazid, and some drugs used to treat cancer or suppress the immune system
Lung abscesses can form and rupture, releasing pus (empyema) between the lungs and ribs (pleural space).
Tube through the mouth into the stomach to empty the stomach (gastric lavage)
The opening allows part of the organs from the belly (stomach, spleen, liver, and intestines) to go up into the chest cavity near the lungs.
The speed of the tremor can be an important way to determine its cause.
